Robe/2025 deprecations (#1194)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2025-02/2025-deprecated-features/index.md

Since the execution tooling, [Calamari](https://octopus.com/docs/octopus-rest-api/calamari), is built on [.NET 6](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/release-notes/6.0/supported-os.md#linux), this defines the lower bound version of the platforms we expect workloads be able to run on. 

:::warning
We intend to upgrade to [.NET 8](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/main/release-notes/8.0/supported-os.md#linux) in the next few months, and this may impact support for older Linux platforms, like Debian 11. 
:::

#### What to expect

Based on the usage metrics, this change to our support won't impact targets in use for the vast majority of our customers. Most customers use Windows or Linux operating systems that are well within the supported version range.

Deployments may continue to work for some older Linux platforms which aren't explicitly listed. The change in our policy doesn't mean we'll necessarily do anything to specifically prevent tasks from running. It instead means we can only reasonably support and consider targets and workers that all our relevant dependencies also support. 

> In future, as we update the tooling used, we'll continue to share details on this support page. Our goal is to continue providing as much coverage to the platforms our customers use, while improving predictability about what we support and why.

Reviewer: @zentron when you say "this support page", do you mean this blog post, or a different page?

Author: Good question, its a reference to the previously linked doc on line 23.
That was a few lines ago so could probably do with a re-referencing.

Reviewer: No worries, thank you. I'll add that in. Just confirming you mean this URL? https://octopus.com/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/linux#supported-distributions

> In future, as we update the tooling used, we'll continue to share details on this support page. Our goal is to continue providing as much coverage to the platforms our customers use, while improving predictability about what we support and why.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In future, as we update the tooling used, we'll continue to share details [in our docs, under Supported distributions](https://octopus.com/docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/linux#supported-distributions). Our goal is to continue providing as much coverage to the platforms our customers use, while improving predictability about what we support and why.
```
